## INTRO
- The development should move in the direction of big data and the algorithms that that data solves.
- The algorithm that would determine the complexity of big data could range from a few Megabytes to a few Petabytes, the data itself, while the algorithms should be solved by distributed systems of networked computers. From Level Up, to Level Out.
- The network structure should have a combination of programming language C, LISP, GO and BASH and Python exclusively in the FreeBsd operating system.
- Use C and LISP for the file system while BASH and Python and GO will be used in programming the environment and high level aplication level. 
- No database usage
- Only ssh connection and telnet connection will be available to the application, but at the admin level. BBS (Synhronet) included for admin (core) team only.
- Telnet access into intern core system, fully open source for core team (4 nibbles - 0000, 1111, 1001, 0110).
- Algorithm wil be written in ANSI C. That Algorithm will be work with big data structures and complexity. Just core team will be users of system and alghoritm.
- Core users (0000, 1111, 1001, 0110) will command all other 1111 software engineers. Everyone else, except the Core team, will have their connections and their data will come filtered and completely decrypted. An excellent team of 1111 people is very complex when each user can start [n] processes at a higher level. GO is ANSI C of 21 century :) Make it GO :)

### My definition BIG DATA: 
- Big Data can be 1MB, 1PB or 1ZB or 1nB.
- Depending on the complexity and content of the data itself, no matter how much it is, it is sometimes harder to solve 1MG of quality code, minimized and complex at the same time, than to handle 50 PT movies to orchestrated servers. 
- And at the same time very well coded in a bunch of abbreviations for using a library.

### Ghost Protocol Programming Module, Construction of Security Programming language
- Ghost as a .ghs syntax will be used as a security program module. It will have syntax like almost any programming language but will be focused on trained matrices. An API will be created that will pull all program modules. Ghost should be something like a Feature of any language.

## Syntax of matrices
##### Array:
`$matrix->map = array( 
	array(
	"0000" => "data1",
	"1111" => "data2",
	"0110" => "data3",
	"1001" => "data4"
	),
	array(
	"1001" => "data5",
	"1111" => "data6",
	"0110" => "data7",
	"0000" => "data8"
	),
	array(
	"0000" => "data9",
	"1001" => "data10",
	"1111" => "data11",
	"0110" => "data12"
	)
);`
- It will be a multidimensional matrix that will carry process records over the data.
- It will randomly map one of the core users to a random big data container. Its 3 x 4 combinations.
- If all random logic is transferred to 1111 members, and if all 1111 are mapped to big data, then random combinations of theses are also predictable. 
- With random processes, the entire communication will be encrypted, while the end user will eventually have everything decrypted with his key and home jail.
- When the erasing process is used, the motor erases any imprint left on the hard disk with an advanced algorithm. 
- This means that the end user manages their data. It specifies full delete as an option.
- Mathematical problems generated by random processes are solved by users by running an algorithm including the Ghost API.

## Technologies
- ANSI C (.c)
- LISP (.lisp)
- BASH (.sh)
- GHOST LNG (.ghs)
- GO (.go)
- Python (.py)

## Development Logic
- Abstract (Matrix)
- Hyper (Speed)
- Out of box (Diferent thinking)
- Out of logic (Unlogical- Quantum)
- Quantum bit (Qbit)
- Socket Hacking

## Quantum Logic

Quantum computers functionally use the quantum properties of microparticles. In classical computers, 
information is basically represented in the form of bits (0 and 1) where one information at a time 
can be either 0 or 1. In quantum computers, the basic units of operation are qubits (qbit), which use
the quantum superposition phenomenon and other quantum properties for information operation. This means 
that the qubit can have multiple states of zero and one (0, 1, 01, 00, 10, 11), because each of these 
states can be in superposition, which gives the qubit multidimensionality. What is interesting about 
the quantum bit is that it can have a possible state (0, 1, 01, 00, 10, 11) only and exclusively only 
if we do not observe it. The moment we start observing it, it transforms into a state of ordinary bit, 
where only zero or one state is possible. This means that quantum calculations take place outside our 
perception, and the moment we get involved in requesting that information that the quantum computer 
has processed, we actually get only a simple bit as output. According to some, this happens, among other 
things, because the human brain and body are not ready or accustomed to the state of particle superposition. 
It can be understandably said that this phenomenon is a matter of shyness of the qubit itself.


## Table of Proof

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Technology</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Details</th>
    <th>Nibble</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ANSI C</td>
    <td>Procedural FNC</td>
    <td>Fast and Furious</td>
    <th>0000</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>LISP</td>
    <td>Arrays Logic</td>
    <td>Artificial Intelligence</td>
    <th>1001</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>BASH</td>
    <td>ENV Scripting</td>
    <td>BOFH Excuses</td>
    <th>0110</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>GHOST</td>
    <td>Low Level Scripting</td>
    <td>BOFH Excuses</td>
    <th>0000</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>GO</td>
    <td>High Level Scripting</td>
    <td>BOFH Excuses</td>
    <th>1111</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Python</td>
    <td>High Level Scripting</td>
    <td>BOFH Excuses</td>
    <th>0000</th>
  </tr>
</table>

### Nibbles for Tech Handling
- 0000 (ANSI C, Python, GHOST)
- 1001 (LISP)
- 0110 (BASH)
- 1111 (GO)

## SRPSKI
- Razvoj treba da ide u pravcu velikih podataka i algoritama koje ti podaci rešavaju.
- Algoritam koji bi odredio složenost velikih podataka mogao bi se kretati od nekoliko megabajta do nekoliko petabajta, samih podataka, dok bi algoritme trebalo rešavati distribuiranim sistemima umreženih računara. Od nivoa nagore, do nivoa napona.
- Mrežna struktura treba da ima kombinaciju programskog jezika C, LISP, GO i BASH i Pithon isključivo u operativnom sistemu FreeBsd.
- Koristite C i LISP za sistem datoteka, dok će se BASH i Pithon i GO koristiti za programiranje okruženja i nivo aplikacija na visokom nivou.
- Ne koristi se baza podataka
- Aplikaciji će biti dostupne samo ssh veza i telnet veza, ali na nivou administratora. BBS (Sinhronet) uključen samo za administratorski (osnovni) tim.
- Telnet pristup osnovnom sistemu pripravnika, potpuno otvoren izvor za osnovni tim (4 nibble-a - 0000, 1111, 1001, 0110).
- Algoritam će biti napisan u ANSI C. Taj algoritam će raditi sa strukturama velikih podataka i složenošću. Samo osnovni tim će biti korisnici sistema i algoritma.
- Osnovni korisnici (0000, 1111, 1001, 0110) će komandovati svim ostalim 1111 softverskim inženjerima. Svi ostali, osim tima Core, imat će veze i njihovi će se podaci filtrirati i potpuno dešifrirati. Odličan tim od 1111 ljudi veoma je složen kada svaki korisnik može započeti [n] procese na višem nivou. GO je ANSI C 21. veka :) Neka bude GO :)
### Moja definicija BIG DATA:
- Veliki podaci mogu biti 1MB, 1PB ili 1ZB ili 1nB.
- U zavisnosti od složenosti i sadržaja samih podataka, bez obzira koliko oni bili, ponekad je teže rešiti 1MG koda kvaliteta, minimiziranog i složenog u isto vreme, nego rukovati sa 50 PB filmova na orkestriranim serverima.
- I u isto vreme vrlo dobro kodirano u gomili skraćenica za korišćenje biblioteke.
### Modul za programiranje protokola Ghost, Konstrukcija jezika za programiranje bezbednosti
- Ghost kao .ghs sintaksa će se koristiti kao sigurnosni programski modul. Imaće sintaksu kao skoro svaki programski jezik, ali će biti usredsređena na obučene matrice. Biće kreiran API koji će povući sve programske module. Duh bi trebao biti nešto poput odlike bilo kog jezika.
## Syntaksa matrice
##### Niz:
`$matrix->map = array( 
	array(
	"0000" => "data1",
	"1111" => "data2",
	"0110" => "data3",
	"1001" => "data4"
	),
	array(
	"1001" => "data5",
	"1111" => "data6",
	"0110" => "data7",
	"0000" => "data8"
	),
	array(
	"0000" => "data9",
	"1001" => "data10",
	"1111" => "data11",
	"0110" => "data12"
	)
);`

- To će biti višedimenzionalna matrica koja će nositi zapise procesa preko podataka.
- On će nasumično preslikati jednog od osnovnih korisnika u slučajni kontejner velikih podataka. Njegove 3 x 4 kombinacije.
- Ako se sva slučajna logika prenese na 1111 članova, i ako se svih 1111 preslika u velike podatke, tada se mogu predvideti i slučajne kombinacije ovih teza.
- Uz slučajne procese, cela komunikacija će biti šifrovana, dok će krajnji korisnik na kraju sve dešifrovati svojim ključem i kućnim zatvorom.
- Kada se koristi proces brisanja, motor naprednim algoritmom briše sve otiske ostavljene na čvrstom disku.
- To znači da krajnji korisnik upravlja svojim podacima. Kao opciju navodi potpuno brisanje.
- Matematičke probleme generisane slučajnim procesima korisnici rešavaju pokretanjem algoritma uključujući Ghost API.
